Madam, do you really want to go home and attract investment?
That smoky soil is not a good thing
If your mother's family sells tobacco soil with you
If the city lord knows
That's going to be raided along with it.
Of course I know this
But don't enter the game
How can you defeat half a son?
Huangmei, did you know
This tobacco business is enterprising by the city lord
If the city lord knew about this
The country is going to be raided
Of course I know
But I think it's all in order
At that time, if it really happens
Then we are accomplices to being deceived by our neighbors
Friendship is what gets us away.
When the time comes, put all the blame on the neighbors
After all, the neighbors are the biggest investors
I didn't expect it.
You've already planned it
As long as our family can be alone
As for the fat next door
I'm going to eat it sooner or later
Lin Jingyun this time
You will personally send your Lin family into the abyss
Parents Jingyun
Jingyun is back, take a seat